io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
androidx/window/R.java
 androidx.window.R
 androidx.window.R$attr
 androidx.window.R$id
 androidx.window.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/sharedpreferences/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/window/java/R.java
 androidx.window.java.R
com/fluttertodo/flutter_todo/BuildConfig.java
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.BuildConfig
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/tekartik/sqflite/R.java
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$attr
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$color
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$dimen
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$drawable
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$id
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$integer
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$layout
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$string
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$style
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$styleable
com/fluttertodo/flutter_todo/R.java
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$attr
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$color
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$dimen
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$drawable
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$id
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$integer
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$layout
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$mipmap
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$string
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$style
 com.fluttertodo.flutter_todo.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
